Running prombench tests as stateful sets and docs for Github Actions (#248)
prometheus/test-infra: README.md

    -v GRAFANA_ADMIN_PASSWORD:$GRAFANA_ADMIN_PASSWORD \
    -v GCLOUD_SERVICEACCOUNT_CLIENT_EMAIL:$GCLOUD_SERVICEACCOUNT_CLIENT_EMAIL \
    -v OAUTH_TOKEN="$(printf $OAUTH_TOKEN | base64 -w 0)" \
    -v GKE_AUTH="$(cat $AUTH_FILE | base64 -w 0)" \
    -v GITHUB_ORG:$GITHUB_ORG -v GITHUB_REPO:$GITHUB_REPO \
    -f manifests/cluster-infra
```
> Note: Use `-v GKE_AUTH="$(echo $AUTH_FILE | base64 -w 0)"` if you're passing the data directly into `$AUTH_FILE`
- The output will show the ingress IP which will be used to point the domain name to. Alternatively you can see it from the GKE/Services tab.
- Set the `A record` for `<DOMAIN_NAME>` to point to `nginx-ingress-controller` IP address.
- The services will be accessible at:
  * Grafana :: `http://<DOMAIN_NAME>/grafana`
  * Prometheus ::  `http://<DOMAIN_NAME>/prometheus-meta`

> ### Deploy GitHub Actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setup GitHub Actions
```

> This section assumes you already have the `main.workflow` file placed to the `.github` directory in the repository from where you want to use prombench from. You can find an example of `main.workflow` in the [`/examples`](examples) directory.

Reviewer: I think best to just point ot the existing file and don't have to worry about updating the example if/when we need to change the implementations.
```suggestion
Place a workflow file in the `.github` directory of the repository.
See the prometheus repository for an example.
```

This way can even remove the example file from this PR.

> Copy and paste the output of the following to the `AUTH_FILE` secret in the Github Actions workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a github `AUTH_FILE` secret with the base64 encoded content of the `service-account.json` file.
```

```

> cat $AUTH_FILE | base64 -w 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: This is needed, otherwise we'll  have to base64 encode it in the container. passing the base64 encoded file data directly helps us skip that additional step.

Reviewer: Yep, noted, I updated my comment change suggestion

```

> Follow [Triggering tests via Github comments](#trigger-tests-via-a-github-comment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Instead of this can just put `### Trigger tests via a Github comment.` before  `### Start a benchmarking test manually` and this way it the reader will just continue reading the next section.

> ### Trigger tests via a Github comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Trigger tests via a Github comment.
> Due to the high cost of each test, only maintainers can manage tests.
```

---

> Starting a prombench test:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting:
```

> - `/benchmark` (benchmark PR with the master branch.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/benchmark` - benchmark PR with the master branch
```

> - `/benchmark master`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/benchmark master` - same as above
```

> - `/benchmark 2.4.0` (Any release version can be added here. Don't prepend `v` to the release version here. The benchmark plugin in Prow will prepend it.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/benchmark v2.4.0` - can use any release version
```

this has been confusing so lets use the exact version number with the `v` as well. Not sure where is the `v` added, but lets refactor and just use the full version.

Author: Will add this is another PR

> Restarting a prombench test:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restarting:
```

> - To restart a test, comment `/benchmark` again on the PR. If the hash of the last commit is changed, the test will be restarted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Comment `/benchmark` again on the PR. If the hash of the last commit has changed, the test will be restarted.
```

> - To restart a test with a separate Prometheus release version just run `/benchmark <new_rel_version>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To restart the test with a different Prometheus release version comment `/benchmark <new_rel_version>`
```

> Stopping a prombench test:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stopping:
```

> - To cancel benchmarking, a mantainer should comment `/benchmark cancel`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Comment `/benchmark cancel`.
```

## Buliding from source

> To build Prombench and related tools from source you need to have a working Go environment with version 1.12 or greater installed. Prombench uses promu for building the binaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build Prombench and related tools from source you need to have a working Go environment with go modules enabled. Prombench uses [promu](https://github.com/prometheus/promu) to build the binaries.
```

also I think it would look better if you move `make build` before this comment.
